doc/Sprint1/Md_Files/Sprint1.md, before:

<b>Participants:</b>
1. Jason Yuan
2. Zhe Fan (Jefferson) Li
3. Maggie Dang
4. Michael Do
5. Ohmasinh negi
6. Qing Yu Lan

<b>Sprint Goal:</b><br>
The sprint goal for sprint 1 is to complete login, profile, endpoints, status, name, highlights, dashboard, and the home button.<br>
Furthermore, if we have time, we want to start on the ACS scoring system.

<b>User Stories To Be Completed:</b>
| User Story                                                   | Estimate     | Assigned to   | Corresponding Epic |
| :------------------------------:                             | :----------: | :-----------: | :----------------: |
| LIL-7 (Profile Picture)                                      | 1            | Zhe Fan Li    | Profile            |
| LIL-8 (Highlights)                                           | 1            | Jason Yuan    | Profile            |
| LIL-9 (Add and remove friends)                               | 2            | Jason Yuan    | Profile            |
| LIL-10 (Post Status)                                         | 1            | Jason Yuan    | Profile            |
| LIL-11 (Create Dashboard)                                    | 2            | Maggie Dang   | The Zone           |
| LIL-12 (Home Button)                                         | 1            | Maggie Dang   | The Zone           |
| LIL-14 (Allow users to view other users' ACS history)        | 3            | Michael Do    | ACS                |
| LIL-40 (Demographics report)                                 | 3            | Jason Yuan    | Profile            | (Note: On Jira, it says user story, but has no user story)

<b>Task Breakdown:</b>
| User Story                                                   | Assigned to   |
| :------------------------------:                             | :-----------: |
| LIL-7 (Profile Picture)                                      | Zhe Fan Li    |
| LIL-8 (Highlights)                                           | Jason Yuan    |
| LIL-9 (Add and remove friends)                               | Jason Yuan    |
| LIL-10 (Post Status)                                         | Jason Yuan    |
| LIL-11 (Create Dashboard)                                    | Maggie Dang   |
| LIL-12 (Home Button)                                         | Maggie Dang   |
| LIL-14 (Allow users to view other users' ACS history)        | Michael Do    |

<b>Team Capacity:</b><br>
The team capacity for sprint 1 is 30. (MAY NEED TO EDIT!!!)

<b>Spikes:</b><br>

Commit message:

LIL-50 worked on spikes for sprint1.md

doc/Sprint1/Md_Files/Sprint1.md, after:

<b>Participants:</b>
1. Jason Yuan
2. Zhe Fan (Jefferson) Li
3. Maggie Dang
4. Michael Do
5. Ohmasinh negi
6. Qing Yu Lan

<b>Sprint Goal:</b><br>
The sprint goal for sprint 1 is to complete the login, profile, status, name and highlight pages, set up the endpoints, the dashboard, and the home button.<br>
Furthermore, if we have time, we want to start on the ACS scoring system.

<b>User Stories To Be Completed:</b>
| User Story                                                   | Estimate     | Assigned to   | Corresponding Epic |
| :------------------------------:                             | :----------: | :-----------: | :----------------: |
| LIL-7 (Profile Picture)                                      | 1            | Zhe Fan Li    | Profile            |
| LIL-8 (Highlights)                                           | 1            | Jason Yuan    | Profile            |
| LIL-9 (Add and remove friends)                               | 2            | Jason Yuan    | Profile            |
| LIL-10 (Post Status)                                         | 1            | Jason Yuan    | Profile            |
| LIL-11 (Create Dashboard)                                    | 2            | Maggie Dang   | The Zone           |
| LIL-12 (Home Button)                                         | 1            | Maggie Dang   | The Zone           |
| LIL-14 (Allow users to view other users' ACS history)        | 3            | Michael Do    | ACS                |
| LIL-40 (Demographics report)                                 | 3            | Jason Yuan    | Profile            | (Note: On Jira, it says user story, but has no user story)

<b>Task Breakdown:</b>
| Tasks                                                        | Assigned to   |
| :------------------------------:                             | :-----------: |
| LIL-7 (Profile Picture)                                      | Zhe Fan Li    |
| LIL-8 (Highlights)                                           | Jason Yuan    |
| LIL-9 (Add and remove friends)                               | Jason Yuan    |
| LIL-10 (Post Status)                                         | Jason Yuan    |
| LIL-11 (Create Dashboard)                                    | Maggie Dang   |
| LIL-12 (Home Button)                                         | Maggie Dang   |
| LIL-14 (Allow users to view other users' ACS history)        | Michael Do    |

<b>Team Capacity:</b><br>
The team capacity for sprint 1 is 30. (MAY NEED TO EDIT!!!)

<b>Spikes:</b><br>
We don't have any spikes for sprint 1. (MAY NEED TO EDIT!!! DOUBLE CHECK WITH TEAM!!!)
https://www.visual-paradigm.com/scrum/what-is-scrum-spike/
https://medium.com/@anca_51481/how-spikes-help-to-improve-your-agile-product-delivery-a0f104305911
