doc/sprint0/PB.md, before:

As a [description of user], I want [functionality], so that [benefit]

Acceptance criteria

Given [how things begin], When [action taken] Then [outcome of action]


## LOGIN #### 
User Story

As a user I want to be able to register or login so that my ACS score can be saved and I can interact with others.

Acceptance Criteria

Given a login page, When I enter in my username and password then I want to be placed to the dashboard where I can see my ACS score.


### The Zone #### 

User Story

As a user, I want to have a dashboard so that I can access all other parts of SportsCred

Acceptance Criteria

On the dashboard, When I click any of the options I should be taken to a new interface for that option. 

User Story

As a user thats logged in, I want to access the dashboard from any interface so that I can easily access any different interface easily.

Acceptance Criteria

When on any given interface, When I click the button to take me back to the dashboard.. it should take me back to the dashboard and not log me out


### ACS #####

User Story

As a analyst or enthusiast, I want to have a score representing my knowledge/reliability to be tracked (call it ACS)  so that 
I can see how I am improving and to show others my credibility.

User Story

As a analyst or an enthusiast, I would like to be able to view my own ACS history so that I can track my progress and see how I can improve.

Acceptance Critiera

When on my profile page, If I click on my ACS history I should see a record of every change of my ACS. It should say my new ACS on each line and it should say the delta and the reason for the change.

User Story

As a user, I want to be able to view the profile of any other user so that I can check their ACS score/history and check their credibility

Acceptance Critiera

When I interact with any other user, if I click a button labeled "view profile" I should be taken to their profile where I can see their ACS score/history


### Profile ####

EPIC

User Story

As a user, I want to have a profile page so that others can view my interests and ACS score to get an idea of who I am.


User Story

As a user, I want to be able to set a profile picture for myself, so that people can see who I am

Acceptance Criteria

When I am on my own profile, I should be able to click a button that lets me select a new profile picture.


User Story

As a user, I want to be able to highlight some of my interests, so that people can get a better understanding of me

Acceptance Critiera

When I am on a profile, I should be able to see a lists of interests, if any. If it is my own profile I should be able to
edit this.


User Story

As a user, I want to be able to add and remove friends, so I can keep in contact with people I meet on SportsCred

Acceptance Criteria

When on someone elses profile I should be able to add or remove them.

When on my own profile I should be able to view all my friends.


User Story

As a user, I want to be able to post a status so that others can know whats on my mind

Acceptance Critiera

When on my own profile. There should be a text box for me to fill out and to submit for others to see.

When viewing other peoples profiles, I should be able to see their status.


### Trivia ###

EPIC

As a user, I want to test my sports knowledge and compare it with my friends through trivia contests so that
I can grow my ACS score and to learn

User Story 

As a user, I want to be able to participate in a session of trivia to improve my ACS score

Acceptance Criteria

When on the trivia section, I should be able to select a topic and to be put into a session of 10-15 questions that raise my ACS score for previously unanswered questions.

When answering questions, I want to select from 4-5 answers

When answering questons, there should be a time limit. If I do not answer in time my ACS should drop

User Story

As an average sports fan, I want to be able to invite friends into trivia battles, so we can see who knows more 

Acceptance Criteria

When on the trivia section, If I select a friend to invite, I should be placed into a trivia battle.

When answering questions, I should get a higher score if I answer questions faster


### Picks and Predictions ###

User Story

As a sports fan, I want to be able to make some picks and predictions for how the season will go so that I can raise my ACS score and show others my credibility

Acceptance Criteria

When in picks and predictions, I should be able to see a list of events that will happen in the future.

When choosing what to pick, I want to be able to make predictions on match outcomes, mvps, and rookie of the year

When an outcome is finalized, my ACS score should automaticlly raise if I am correct.

User Story

As a analyst, I want others to be able to see my picks and prediction history so that I can show off my credibility

Acceptance Critiera

When on a profile, there should be a button to see their past and current picks and predictions.


### Analyze and Debate ###

Epic

As a user, I want to be able to debate with others, to generate discussion and to improve my ACS score

User Story

As an analyst I want to have debates with people who have a similar ACS score as me so I can ensure im having meaningful and fair debates

Acceptance Critiera

There should be a room for different ratings, you should only be allowed to debate in that room if you have a high enough ACS score

User Story

As a average sports fan or a new sports fan, I want to be able to view other debates so that I can learn what the experts are saying

Acceptance Criteria

All debates should be public with only the participants being able to edit

User Story

As a user, I want to be able to provide a rating for a debate representing how much I agree with them, so that we can see more meaningful discussions and others can raise their ACS

Acceptance Critiera

When looking at a debate, I should see a slider to give a rating out of 10 how much I agree with the debate

User Story

As a user, I want to be able to see the average rating for a debate so that I can see how accurate the analysis or statement is.

Acceptance Critiera

When looking at debates I should see a number next to it

Commit message:

added more user stories about open court

doc/sprint0/PB.md, after:

As a [description of user], I want [functionality], so that [benefit]

Acceptance criteria

Given [how things begin], When [action taken] Then [outcome of action]


## LOGIN #### 
User Story

As a user I want to be able to register or login so that my ACS score can be saved and I can interact with others.

Acceptance Criteria

Given a login page, When I enter in my username and password then I want to be placed to the dashboard where I can see my ACS score.


### The Zone #### 

User Story

As a user, I want to have a dashboard so that I can access all other parts of SportsCred

Acceptance Criteria

On the dashboard, When I click any of the options I should be taken to a new interface for that option. 

User Story

As a user thats logged in, I want to access the dashboard from any interface so that I can easily access any different interface easily.

Acceptance Criteria

When on any given interface, When I click the button to take me back to the dashboard.. it should take me back to the dashboard and not log me out


### ACS #####

User Story

As a analyst or enthusiast, I want to have a score representing my knowledge/reliability to be tracked (call it ACS)  so that 
I can see how I am improving and to show others my credibility.

User Story

As a analyst or an enthusiast, I would like to be able to view my own ACS history so that I can track my progress and see how I can improve.

Acceptance Critiera

When on my profile page, If I click on my ACS history I should see a record of every change of my ACS. It should say my new ACS on each line and it should say the delta and the reason for the change.

User Story

As a user, I want to be able to view the profile of any other user so that I can check their ACS score/history and check their credibility

Acceptance Critiera

When I interact with any other user, if I click a button labeled "view profile" I should be taken to their profile where I can see their ACS score/history


### Profile ####

EPIC

User Story

As a user, I want to have a profile page so that others can view my interests and ACS score to get an idea of who I am.


User Story

As a user, I want to be able to set a profile picture for myself, so that people can see who I am

Acceptance Criteria

When I am on my own profile, I should be able to click a button that lets me select a new profile picture.


User Story

As a user, I want to be able to highlight some of my interests, so that people can get a better understanding of me

Acceptance Criteria

When I am on a profile, I should be able to see a lists of interests, if any. If it is my own profile I should be able to
edit this.


User Story

As a user, I want to be able to add and remove friends, so I can keep in contact with people I meet on SportsCred

Acceptance Criteria

When on someone elses profile I should be able to add or remove them.

When on my own profile I should be able to view all my friends.


User Story

As a user, I want to be able to post a status so that others can know whats on my mind

Acceptance Critiera

When on my own profile. There should be a text box for me to fill out and to submit for others to see.

When viewing other peoples profiles, I should be able to see their status.


### Trivia ###

EPIC

As a user, I want to test my sports knowledge and compare it with my friends through trivia contests so that
I can grow my ACS score and to learn

User Story 

As a user, I want to be able to participate in a session of trivia to improve my ACS score

Acceptance Criteria

When on the trivia section, I should be able to select a topic and to be put into a session of 10-15 questions that raise my ACS score for previously unanswered questions.

When answering questions, I want to select from 4-5 answers

When answering questons, there should be a time limit. If I do not answer in time my ACS should drop

User Story

As an average sports fan, I want to be able to invite friends into trivia battles, so we can see who knows more 

Acceptance Criteria

When on the trivia section, If I select a friend to invite, I should be placed into a trivia battle.

When answering questions, I should get a higher score if I answer questions faster


### Picks and Predictions ###

User Story

As a sports fan, I want to be able to make some picks and predictions for how the season will go so that I can raise my ACS score and show others my credibility

Acceptance Criteria

When in picks and predictions, I should be able to see a list of events that will happen in the future.

When choosing what to pick, I want to be able to make predictions on match outcomes, mvps, and rookie of the year

When an outcome is finalized, my ACS score should automaticlly raise if I am correct.

User Story

As a analyst, I want others to be able to see my picks and prediction history so that I can show off my credibility

Acceptance Critiera

When on a profile, there should be a button to see their past and current picks and predictions.


### Analyze and Debate ###

Epic

As a user, I want to be able to debate with others, to generate discussion and to improve my ACS score

User Story

As an analyst I want to have debates with people who have a similar ACS score as me so I can ensure im having meaningful and fair debates

Acceptance Critiera

There should be a room for different ratings, you should only be allowed to debate in that room if you have a high enough ACS score

User Story

As a average sports fan or a new sports fan, I want to be able to view other debates so that I can learn what the experts are saying

Acceptance Criteria

All debates should be public with only the participants being able to edit

User Story

As a user, I want to be able to provide a rating for a debate representing how much I agree with them, so that we can see more meaningful discussions and others can raise their ACS

Acceptance Critiera

When looking at a debate, I should see a slider to give a rating out of 10 how much I agree with the debate

User Story

As a user, I want to be able to see the average rating for a debate so that I can see how accurate the analysis or statement is.

Acceptance Criteria

When looking at debates I should see a number next to it


### Open Court

EPIC

As a user, I want to be able to share, create, and view posts from other social medias into the open court section of the application

User Story:
As a user, I want to be able to create posts so that I can share it to other users 

Acceptance Criteria:
Given that I'm in the open court, when I fill out a text field and click post then my message should be visible to other users

User Story:
As a user, I want to be able to access comment sections and read or post my own comment on open court posts so that I can let others know what I think about the post

Acceptance Criteria:
Given that I'm in the comment section of a post, when I fill out a comment and press post, then the comment section should be updated with my comment in it for all user to see


User Story:
As a user, I want to be able to agree or disagree with posts so that I can show what I think about a post in a quick way

Acceptance Criteria:
Given that I'm looking at a post, when I click agree, then the number of agreed users in the post should increment and decrement if I click agree
